{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18520\viewh11160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project reviews\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 Generally, in the project review, we are going over the following points:\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sanity check on scope of\'a0 the project: interesting enough, with enough "user interaction".\'a0\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Implementation plan.\'a0 We would like to see a basic deliverable that you are essentially sure you can do, followed by possible improvements.\'a0 In this way, you are sure to have a reasonable project, and from there on, it's a matter of making it even better.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
On project grading\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 The following factors will enter in the grading of the project:\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Does the project work well? This encompasses many things, from how curated the UI is, to how ambitious the code is, to how well thought out is the user interaction, to how well the site serves its intended application.\'a0 Generally we want to see projects that are well thought out to solve a particular problem or do a particular thing.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We look for quality more than quantity.\'a0 That is, once you have a few pages that show me, say, tables, it's not necessarily the case that you gain a lot more by making more of those same pages.\'a0 At that point we know you can make (say) tables well, and we would be more impressed by you showing other things.\'a0\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In general, we like to see projects where it's clear that someone put thought about the user interaction and how the site would work in actual use.\'a0\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We don't have absolute standards for quality.\'a0 In the past, I have given very high grades, including A+, to people who, new to web development before this class, diligently worked and built useful sites.\'a0 We are open to very many kinds of contribution (some curate more the UI, some do wizardry server-side, etc).\'a0 A person working alone but carefully may well get a higher grade than a team of expert developers who hurriedly put things together at the last moment.\'a0\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Group size matters, and so does your individual contribution within the group.\'a0\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A project done correctly, but with limited ambition, would typically receive a B-type grade.\'a0 To get an A grade, we have to like the project for some reason -- it solves some problem beautifully, it shows great dedication, ...\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 In particular, this is how I have given grades in the past:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 A+:\'a0 I have to be impressed.\'a0 Generally, no more than 5 projects may receive an A+ (out of the 60 we have).\'a0 But this is not curved.\'a0 Impress me more and I will give out more A+.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 A, A-:\'a0 we have to like the project; not just something that satisfies the requirements of a project, but something that says, this was done well.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 B grades: modest projects that work, ambitious projects that don't quite fully deliver, this is the largest category.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 C grades: something not quite working, somewhat minimal functionality / ambition.\'a0 Generally about 10% of projects fall into this category.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 F: I give this somewhat rarely, to at most 1-2 projects in the past.\'a0 These are projects where none of the code is dynamic, no user interaction, no work, all broken, etc.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 In the end, the net result is not bad; I don't grade much the curve, but last time, slightly over 45% of students received an A-grade for the whole class.\'a0\'a0\cb1 \
}